Add Business Dashboards with Grafana and MySQL (#135)
grafana/grafana.org: content/blog/2019-04-25-visualize-data-matters-for-business-grafana-mySQL.md

Using Grafana and MySQL, Percona has built custom dashboards to showcase metrics such as how many orders are made in a minute or how much money was earned in 24 hours based on the same information that clients already have in their databases. “That is something we have done for a number of our customers and a lot of them love it,” said Zaitsev. 

In addition to walking through live demos of two data sets -- an e-commerce example and one that shows historic airline data for the United States -- Zaitsev outlined three tricks for optimal setup on MySQL before getting started.

## Use read-only user for additional safety. 

“Bad things can happen due to mistakes or ill intent,” warned Zaitsev. 

## Set max_execution_time variable to avoid extensively long queries.

As users play with different variables and expand an interval out not to one day, but as far as 10 years, the queries can become very slow. When users realize it’s going to take hours to run the query, they may move on to a different page; however, the query continues to run.

“That means it’s very easy for you to go ahead and completely saturate your server with hundreds of bad queries,” said Zaitsev. 

> As a solve, Zaitsev advised using the max_execution_time option, which is available in MySQL 5.7 or later. The feature allows users to set a time interval after which the system will automatically terminate ongoing queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a solution Zaitsev advised using the max_execution_time option, which is available in MySQL 5.7 or later. This feature allows users to set a time interval after which the system will automatically terminate ongoing queries. 
```
